# Privacy Policy for Red David Apps


                
We built the suite of apps for Windows (UWP, WinForms, and/or WPF) as a commercial. These services were provided by Red David and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our services.

If you choose to use any of our services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Red David Apps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, the app or service may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to contacts list, username/s, location, and/or notifications. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

### Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our services, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data (Stack Trace). This Log Data may include information such as your device Rubiknet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

### Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.

Our Services does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Service.

### Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Links to Other Sites
Red David Apps and Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at <a href="https://privacypolicytemplate.net" target="_blank">privacypolicytemplate.net</a> and modified/generated by
<a href="https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/" target="_blank">App Privacy Policy Generator</a>
           
